the first ACC game for both Syracuse and
Virginia Tech in 2015 and it goes right
down to the wire and the coos wins it
6866 a fantastic ballgame by all of the
student athletes involved in our game
time were me Jason capelin Jason a lot
of people probably thought this one's
over Syracuse had a 19-point lead at
halftime but Virginia Tech in front of
the home crowd fought back to get back
in this well a dominant effort for
Syracuse in the first half points in the
paint as well as transition baskets and
then Trevor Cooney leading the way
knocking down three points shot but in
the second half you watched Virginia
Tech gain confidence they changed their
defense extending a little bit of
pressure full court calls and Syracuse
to turn the ball over and once that ball
starts going into basket teams gain
confidence give the Hokies a lot of
credit for competing and fighting there
in the second half you reflect on the
first half and Rakeem Christmas the
graduate student for Syracuse was
dominated he was able to score from
close to the rim and Christmas finish
the game for Syracuse with 17 points
well he's their focal point in all
offensive then inside a guy that can
spawn a variety of ways left-hand hooks
dogs
sweeping moves to the base on it we saw
him through a lot of nice things as well
other than sporn but also being a
facilitator getting shooters open shots
he's going to create so many mismatches
and the defense going to have to focus
so much on him if he's able to throw out
of those double teams he's going to get
guys like Kooning open shots which he
was able to knock down here in this
ballgame at Christmas also had three
blocks of the course of the game but
Justin bibs the freshman for Virginia
Tech 11 points in the first half 11 in
the second half he helped him get back
into this one in the second 20 Justin
bibs is having an excellent freshman
season he plays with great confidence
and I think you worry about him coming
off of the tough day at West Virginia
kid where was he going to be as far as
confidence in its first ACC game he came
out like gangbusters making shots being
aggressive doing an excellent job of
picking the spots on the floor where
he's comfortable creating for others as
well as foreign from all three levels
from the three-point line mid-range as
well as getting all the way to the
basket the future is bright at Virginia
Tech with these five freshmen as well as
having incoming class going to be coming
to Virginia Tech next season they're
going to have to be patient but these
young guys competed hard in the second
half and gave the whole gets a chance to
win this game yep it's had 22 points 11
rebounds you also made for three-point
baskets it's going to be like this eats
in every night can be
see Syracuse out of big lead Virginia
Tech and Buzz Williams danced their way
back into this game but in the end in
Syracuse winning by two and that's the
accdigitalnetwork brought to you by Ruby
Tuesday
we are the official home for acc
basketball for more great content like
you just watch click one of these boxes
and to make sure you don't miss anything
click Subscribe